DOC1821: [Partner Ops] Passcode reset (#687)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/operations/index.mdx

| [Manage account verification](/topics/operations/guide-account-verification/) | How to manage account holder verification, from document collection to periodic reviews. |
| [Manage user identification](/topics/operations/guide-user-identification/) | How to manage identification requirements for your users. |
| [Change an account administrator or legal representative](/topics/operations/guide-change-account-admin-legal-representative/) | How to update the admin or legal representative on a user's account. |

> | [Resolve passcode reset issues](/topics/operations/guide-reset-passcode/) | How to reset a passcode and handle a phone number change. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Troubleshoot passcode reset failures](/topics/operations/guide-reset-passcode/) | How to reset a passcode and handle a phone number change. |
```
Index rows use the page's title as link text — all six existing rows match their page's frontmatter title. (Alternatively, rename the page to "Resolve passcode reset issues", but that means updating the frontmatter, H1, and intro, so the row edit is the cheaper fix.)
